LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Adrian: REQUESTING ACCESS
TO BIOBAND RESEARCH.
IT'S SOME KIND OF
AN ENERGY VACUUM.
IF IT'S MAXED-OUT,
IT CAN BE DEADLY!
THANKS FOR SHOWING UP TO
MY FIRST EVER "DUEL
FOR JEWELS" SHINDIG!
ALRIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO DUEL FOR JEWELS.
Students: GAME ON!
NOW IF VIPER PUTS ME AT RISK,
HE PUTS THE WHOLE
SCHOOL AT RISK!
OH NO!
WITH MY SYSTEM SET TO MAXIMUM,
I'LL WIPE OUT THE ENTIRE
STUDENT BODY!
NOW...WHO TO DUEL.
Chazz: I CAN
MAKE THAT DECISION
REAL EASY FOR YOU GECKO!
NEED A LIFT!?
GAME ON!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
CHECK OUT ADRIAN.
HE'S LOSING BIG-TIME.
TRUE...ALTHOUGH...HE
DOESN'T SEEM TO BE
LOSING HIS COOL.
AS OPPOSED TO CHAZZ
WHO NEVER HAD HIS COOL
TO BEGIN WITH!
HUH?
WHATTA YOU SEE WHEN YOU
LOOK AT THE CLOUDS CHAZZ?
TO SOME...CLOUDS ARE
JUST PARTICLES OF MOISTURE
IN THE ATMOSPHERE.
BORING!
WELL NOT TO ME.
'CAUSE WHEN I LOOK AT A
CLOUD...I SEE THE WORLD'S MOST
POWERFUL FORCE!
AND WHEN I LOOK AT YOU I SEE
THE WORLD'S RICHEST DORK.
NOW WHY DON'T YOU TAKE YOUR
CHECKBOOK...AND GO
BUY A LIFE!
TALK IS CHEAP.
LIKE YOU!
NOW WATCH...AS I SACRIFICE
MY FOUR SHEEP CLOUD TOKENS!
TO BRING OUT...
MY NIMBUSMAN!
I KNOW HOW MUCH
YOU LOVE MY CLOUD
FACTOIDS
SO HERE'S
ONE FOR YA!
CUMULONIMBUS CLOUDS
LIKE THIS ONE HERE...
FORM NEAR THE OCEAN
AND USUALLY CAUSE
REALLY BAD STORMS.
CHAZZ WAS RIGHT.
YEAH HE IS A DORK.
NOW FOR EACH CARD
I SACRIFICED...
NIMBUSMAN GETS TO
ABSORB 500 EXTRA POINTS!
SCARED YET? JUST WAIT.
'CAUSE HERE'S ANOTHER TIDBIT.
AND IT INVOLVES YOUR MONSTERS.
SEE EVERY ATTACK POINT MY
NIMBUSMAN JUST ABSORBED....
YOUR MONSTER LOSES!
UH!
LIGHTNING POWER DRAIN!
NIMBUSMAN...
ATTACK HIS CATAPULT!
ACTIVATE TRAP!
IT'S CALLED HYPER COAT
AND HERE'S A LITTLE
TIDBIT FOR YOU!
MY MONSTER'S NOT
GOING ANYWHERE!
BECAUSE HYPER COAT
REVERSES ALL OF YOUR
MONSTERS EFFECTS!
PLUS IT GIVES MY
CATAPULT A BOOST!
NOT LIKE HE NEEDS IT,
THOUGH.
STORM'S OVER,
MARSHMALLOW MAN!
TAKE THIS!
YOU BIG CUMULO-NINKINPOOP!
BULLSEYE!
NO WAY!
SOMEONE NEEDS A
LESSON IN CLIMATOLOGY.
SOME FORCES OF NATURE
JUST CAN'T BE STOPPED.
FACE IT, CHAZZ.
WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO MAN
AGAINST THE NATURAL WORLD,
MOTHER NATURE ALWAYS WINS.
OH YEAH?
WELL YOUR LIFE POINTS
WEREN'T SO LUCKY.
I'LL THROW DOWN THESE THREE
FACEDOWNS AND KICK BACK.
I EXPECTED MORE FROM
A SPOILED RICH KID.
I'M SERIOUS!
WHILE YOU WERE LYING
ON YOUR BUTT STARING
AT CLOUDS...
MY BUTT WAS WORKING!
AND SO WAS THE
REST OF MY BODY!
JUST ADMIT IT!
YOU HAD EVERYTHING
HANDED TO YOU!
WELL I EARNED MY DECK!
AND I'M GONNA USE IT
TO SEND YOUR LITTLE
COTTON-CANDY MAN
BACK TO THE CARNIVAL!
I CAN'T DESTROY IT,
BUT I CAN REMOVE IT
FROM PLAY!
Jaden: CHAZZ IS GETTIN'
PRETTY WORKED-UP OUT THERE.
Syrus: CAN YOU BLAME HIM?
HE FOUND SOMEONE WHO'S
MORE SPOILED THAN HE IS!
AND HE CAN'T STAND IT.
HE NEEDS TO CHILL!
AT LEAST HE'S WINNING!
FOR NOW.
BUT JUST WAIT.
YOU THINK ADRIAN
CAN ACTUALLY WIN?
HOW CAN HE DO THAT
WITH A DECK FULL OF
WIMPY CLOUD-PEOPLE?
THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS
AS WIMPY AS THEY LOOK.
YEAH, SY.
YOU AUGHTTA KNOW
THAT
BETTER THAN ANYONE,
WOULDN'T YA SAY!?
READY GEEK?
TIME...TO GET CHAZZED!
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
BEFORE YOU "CHAZZ"
ME...WATCH THIS!
I REVEAL TWO
OF MY FACE-DOWNS!
BUT HOW!?
EASY.
I JUST CALL OUT THEIR NAMES
DRAMATICALLY AND THEY POP UP.
HAVEN'T YOU PLAYED THIS GAME
BEFORE 'CAUSE IT'S A PRETTY
COMMON OCCURRENCE.
WATCH.
GO RAIN STORM!
AND THEN NATURAL DISASTER!
AM I S'POSTA BE SCARED?
WELL YOU SHOULD BE.
'CAUSE THANKS TO MY RAIN
STORM, I CAN DESTROY ANY CARD
ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
Adrian: ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS TAKE ONE OF
MY CLOUDIAN MONSTERS
AND LOWER ITS ATTACK
POINTS BY A THOUSAND.
SO GET READY NIMBUSMAN!
IT'S TIME TO RAIN
ON HIS PARADE!
AND YOU NEVER WANNA GET
STUCK IN A RAINSTORM
WITHOUT YOUR HYPER COAT!
MY CARD!!
IT GETS WORSE, BRO.
'CAUSE NATURAL
DISASTER'S UP NEXT!
WHICH MEANS EVERY TIME I
DESTROY ONE OF YOUR CARDS...
YOU LOSE 400 POINTS!
WHAT'S WRONG?
FEELING UNDER THE WEATHER?
BRING IT!
YOU SURE?
YOU SEEM PRETTY ANXIOUS
TO GET TAKEN BY STORM!
AND YOUR MONSTER'S NOT
DRESSED FOR THE WEATHER!
'CAUSE WITHOUT HYPER COAT,
YOUR CATAPULT IS WIDE
OPEN TO TRAPS!
WHICH MEANS I CAN BLOW HIM
AWAY WITH MY RAIN STORM!
ALRIGHT!
GIMME ALL YOU GOT,
DWEEB!
IF I WERE YOU I'D BE RUNNING
FOR COVER RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
AAH!
NOW TO GET RID OF YOUR
PESKY FIELD SPELL!
BY LOWERING NIMBUSMAN'S POWER.
ONE MORE TIME, PAL!
HIS PUFF-BALL'S GOT
NO ATTACK POINTS NOW!
HEY...I STILL HAVE MORE
POINTS THAN YOU, GECKO.
AND IT'S MY TURN!
YOU KNOW...YOU HAVE A
REAL KNACK FOR STATING
THE OBVIOUS, PRINCETON.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE,
CLOUD-FOR-BRAINS!
HOW'S THAT
FOR "OBVIOUS!"
MEET MY DIMENSIONAL
CATAPULT!
THANKS TO THIS SPELL...I
CAN BRING A CARD BACK!
SPECIFICALLY MY
CATAPULT CANNON!
SURPRISED?
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH COMBOS PAL!
CATAPULT CANNON!
WIPE HIS CLOUD OFF
THE WEATHER MAP!
WE INTERRUPT THIS ATTACK...
WITH A SPECIAL TRAP CARD!
COME ON!
IT'S CALLED MIRAGE TARGET AND
IF I SACRIFICE MY CLOUD...
YOUR LAST ATTACK IS
AUTOMATICALLY CANCELLED OUT!
PLUS THERE'S A LITTLE BONUS!
ALL THE ATTACK POINTS OF THE
MONSTER I JUST SENT TO
THE GRAVEYARD GET DIRECTLY
TRANSFERRED TO MY LIFE POINTS!
NO WAY!
DO YOU REALIZE THIS WAS ALL
PART OF HIS MASTER PLAN!?
IMPRESSIVE RIGHT!?
BIG DEAL.
I'M SURE CHAZZ HAS
A PLAN, TOO.
HE MIGHT.
BUT WHO KNOWS IF
IT'S ANY GOOD?
EXCUSE ME, CHAZZ!?
IF YOU HAVE A PLAN...
THIS WOULD BE A GOOD TIME
TO USE IT!
I END MY TURN!
THAT WAS SOME PLAN.
NOW...I PLAY...
MY GHOST FOG!
IN ATTACK MODE!
ZERO POINTS?!
THAT'S LAME.
SO QUICK TO JUDGE.
HE HASN'T EVEN ATTACKED YET.
"ATTACKED?!"
LOOK...IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO LOSE...THEN FINE!
HEY CATAPULT!
GRANT HIS WISH AND END THIS!
BIG MISTAKE CHAZZ!
YOU JUST TRIGGERED GHOST FOG'S
ABILITY WHICH MEANS I DON'T
LOSE ANY LIFE POINTS!
AND THEN...THE MONSTER
YOU ATTACKED WITH GETS
A LITTLE GIFT.
IT'S A FOG COUNTER!
IN FACT IT GETS ONE COUNTER
FOR EACH OF ITS LEVELS...
AND I COUNT EIGHT!
THERE'S MORE.
NEXT I PLAY...A SPELL
CALLED DIAMOND DUST CYCLONE!
NO!!!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!!
Adrian: OH THAT?
JUST MY CYCLONE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
IT AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYS
ANY MONSTER WITH FOG
COUNTERS ON IT!
THEN I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD
FOR EVERY FOUR COUNTERS.
AND JUST IN CASE MATH'S NOT
YOUR SUBJECT...EIGHT DIVIDED
BY FOUR EQUALS TWO.
AND BEFORE I FORGET, YOU LOSE
ANOTHER 800 POINTS THANKS TO
NATURAL DISASTER!
AND THE FUN CONTINUES!
I ACTIVATE...MY QUICK
SUMMON SPELL CARD!
NOW A MONSTER FROM MY HAND...
IS AUTOMATICALLY SUMMONED!
AND SO I CHOOSE MY
CLOUDIAN POISON CLOUD!
AS ITS NAME SUGGESTS...
MY CLOUD IS FILLED...
WITH A DEADLY POISON!
IF YOU ATTACK...
AND IT EXPLODES...
YOU LOSE 800
LIFE POINTS!
SO IF I WERE YOU, CHAZZ...
I'D GIVE IT SOME SERIOUS
THOUGHT BEFORE YOU OPEN FIRE!
LEMME GUESS: THEN
NATURAL DISASTER
ACTIVATES...AND I LOSE
THE REST OF MY POINTS?
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU CATCH
ON QUICKLY CHAZZ!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
Adrian: WITH A NATURAL
DISASTER ON THE HORIZON
AND A POISON CLOUD OVERHEAD...
THE FUTURE'S GRIM.
EXPECT DEVASTATING WINDS...
AND A NINETY PERCENT CHANCE
OF DEFEAT!
A MAJOR STORM'S HEADING YOUR
WAY AND YOU'VE JUST BEEN PUT
ON HIGH ALERT!
LISTEN YOU
AL ROKER WANNABE!
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
MUCH WORSE!
YOU DON'T SCARE ME!
I TRAVELED THE WORLD
TO FIND MY DECK!
I BRAVED THE ELEMENTS
AND SEARCHED UNDER
THE TOUGHEST CONDITIONS!
GOT THAT!?
I EAT PUNKS LIKE YOU
FOR BREAKFAST, GECKO!
YOU MAKE ME SICK!
STANDING THERE LIKE
YOU OWN THE WORLD.
BUT YA KNOW SOMETHING?
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
"GREATNESS" IS AND YOU
NEVER WILL!
I TOOK DOWN
THE SHADOW RIDERS
AND THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT BY MYSELF!
SO BEATING YOU'S
A CAKE WALK!
WATCH!
I ACTIVATE
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
THAT MEANS...I CAN PICK
UP THREE MORE CARDS.
AND THEN...I HAFTA
SEND TWO TO THE GRAVE.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOOK
FEAR RIGHT IN THE EYE!
THAT'S RIGHT GECKO!
IT'S THE THREE CARDS I
JOURNEYED TO THE ENDS
OF THE EARTH TO FIND!
BUT FIRST I NEED THIS!
I ACTIVATE A SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS DESPERADO MANAGER!
IT ACTIVATES IF I'M
HOLDING ONE OR MORE CARDS!
AND I START BY
DRAWING TWO CARDS!
AND THEN...I CHOOSE THREE
CARDS FROM MY HAND...
AND MOVE 'EM TO THE
TOP OF MY DECK.
NEXT I ACTIVATE...
ENCHANTING ROOM!
SO ALL I HAFTA DO IS PAY 800
LIFE POINTS AND I CAN FLIP
OVER THE TOP FOUR
CARDS IN MY DECK.
AND IF ANY OF THEM HAPPEN TO
BE LEVEL THREE OR BELOW...
I CAN AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON THEM TO THE FIELD!
LET'S SEE WHAT WE'VE GOT!
WELL WHATTA YA
KNOW ABOUT THAT!?
IT'S MY TRIPLE THREAT!
OJAMA YELLOW...OJAMA
GREEN...AND FINALLY
OJAMA BLACK!
YOU THINK YOU'RE SO COOL.
FLAUNTING YOUR
LITTLE CLOUDS.
BUT AS FOR ME...I
LIKE THE THUNDER!
SEE THIS!?
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO
HAS AN EFFECT ON THE WEATHER
AROUND HERE!
I'VE GOT OJAMA DELTA
THUNDER!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT MAKES YOUR STORM LOOK
LIKE NOTHING BUT A NICE
SUMMER BREEZE!
'CAUSE NOW...
FOR EVERY
CARD IN YOUR HAND
OR ON YOUR
FIELD, YOU TAKE 500
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
BOYS...SHOW 'IM!
WHEE!
OJAMA POWER!
AND...CHECK THIS!
ONCE I SEND
OJAMA THUNDER
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
EVERY CARD ON YOUR
SIDE OF THE FIELD
IS DESTROYED
ON THE SPOT!
Chazz: AH, HELLO!?
HEY, WE'RE ON!
WELL, WELL.
I GUESS BEING
A SPOILED RICH KID
DOESN'T PAY
OFF DOES IT?
ESPECIALLY WHEN
DADDY'S NOT HERE
TO BAIL YOU OUT!
HA HA.
SO YA THINK I HAVE
IT EASY, HAH CHAZZ?
AND YOU?
YOUR LIFE'S BEEN NOTHING
BUT HARDSHIPS, RIGHT?
SORT OF.
DID'JA EVER THINK THAT MAYBE
WHEN YOU'RE POINTING YOUR
FINGER AT ME YOU'RE REALLY
POINTING IT AT YOURSELF?
ISN'T IT POSSIBLE...THAT
YOU'RE THE SPOILED ONE?
I KNOW ALL ABOUT YOUR FAMILY!
THE PRINCETON CORP?
DOES THAT RING A BELL?
WELL AT LEAST...
YOU HAVE A FAMILY.
I WAS ALL ALONE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT FEELS LIKE!?
I DOUBT IT!
YOU DON'T KNOW THE FIRST
THING ABOUT HARDSHIP, CHAZZ!
ALL I HAD WAS THE SKY,
THE CLOUDS...AND
MY IMAGINATION.
I WAS AN ORPHAN,
ABANDONED IN THE DESERT.
I HAD NOTHING BUT THE
CLOTHES ON MY BACK.
AND JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I
COULDN'T LAST ANOTHER DAY...
HE SHOWED UP.
IF GILBERT GECKO
HADN'T RESCUED ME...
I PROBABLY WOULDN'T BE
STANDING HERE TODAY.
OH PLEASE!
IT'S TRUE CHAZZ.
BUT I DIGRESS.
WE'RE HERE TO DUEL NOT
COMPARE SOB-STORIES!
WITH THAT...MY MOVE!
WELL...I HOPED IT
WOULDN'T COME TO THIS...
BUT I HAVE NO CHOICE.
I ACTIVATE...MY
WONDER CLOUD SPELL CARD!
SO FIRST...I ELIMINATE
ALL OF ALL MY CARDS!
THAT INCLUDES MY
FIELD AND HAND.
NEXT I DRAW ONE FOR EVERY CARD
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD!
AND THEN...EVERY CARD
IN MY DECK...
IS REMOVED FROM PLAY!
DO YOU WANNA KNOW
WHY I'M DOING THIS?
SIMPLE.
THANKS TO THE EFFECT OF MY
WONDER CLOUD SPELL...
ANY CARD YOU PLAY THIS TURN
IS AUTOMATICALLY NEGATED!
I DON'T GET IT!
WELL, HE'S SORTA
"BETTIN' THE FARM."
'CAUSE IF HE'S ABLE
TO DRAW THE RIGHT
CARDS HE WINS.
BUT SINCE HIS
DECK'S GONE IF
HE DOESN'T...
HE LOSES.
THAT'S INSANE!
BY THE END OF THIS
ROUND...WE'RE GONNA
HAVE A WINNER!
NO WAY!
Adrian: THANKS TO YOUR OJAMAS
I DRAW THREE CARDS.
AND THE REST ARE GONE.
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD BIG SUMMON CLOUD!
THE DRAWBACK IS...
TO KEEP THIS CARD...
I NEED TO PAY A PRICE.
MY ENTIRE HAND GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD!!
BUT IF I PAY HALF
MY LIFE POINTS...
I GET TO SUMMON
A CLOUDIAN MONSTER FIRST!
YOU'RE IN FOR SOME
NASTY WEATHER!
'CAUSE YOU'RE
ABOUT TO MEET...
MY CLOUDIAN EYE
OF THE TYPHOON!
NOW ATTACK!
AAH!
WHENEVER MY TYPHOON
ATTACKS...
EVERY MONSTER IS
FORCED TO CHANGE BATTLE MODES!
SO THERE GOES YOUR DEFENSE!
BUT I NEED
THAT CARD!
UH!
AAH!
STILL THINK YOU'RE SO
HIGH AND MIGHTY!?
'CAUSE FROM HERE...
IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE YOU CAN'T GET
ANY LOWER, PRINCETON!
YOU'RE WASHED UP!
AH, HEY CHAZZ.
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
Chazz: WHAT DO YOU THINK?!
WILL SOMEBODY GET ME
A TOWEL ALREADY!
JUST GREAT.
I LOST...
I'M SOAKING WET...
YOU'RE STILL MY
FAVORITE SPOILED BRAT.
Chazz: WHOA.
YOU CAN'T KEEP ME
DOWN, VIPER.
ADRIAN!
Ojama Yellow: HEEEELP!
THE BOSS IS SINKING!
AND I CAN'T SWIM!
HE'S DROWNING!
I'LL SAVE HIM!
Viper: YOU'RE LUCKY ALL I DID
WAS DRAIN YOUR ENERGY,
MR. GECKO.
OF COURSE, IT'S ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE I UNCOVER
THE TRUTH ABOUT YOU.
AND WHEN I DO, YOU'LL
NO LONGER BE A NUISANCE.
CAN'T I PLOT EVIL IN PEACE!?
WHAT'S THIS?
SEEMS SOMEONE ELSE
WANTS TO DROP IN.
Viper: IF IT ISN'T
AXEL BRODIE.
SUCH AN UNEXPECTED PLEASURE!
DROP THE MANNERS!
FESS UP!
WHAT'S REALLY
GOING ON HERE!?
STUDENTS ARE
DROPPIN' OFF LEFT
AND RIGHT
AND ALL FINGERS
POINT AT YOU!
YOU'RE OUT OF LINE, PRIVATE.
CAREFUL AXEL.
YOU DON'T WANT TO END UP
LIKE YOUR FATHER NOW DO YOU?
HE WAS A GOOD
SOLIDER, TOO.
WELL, UNTIL HE
FORGOT HIS PLACE.
HUH?
NOW THEN, DO WE HAVE AN
UNDERSTANDING MR. BRODIE?
ALL I UNDERSTAND IS
THAT YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
AAH!
ENJOY YOUR STAY.
I THINK YOU'LL BE MOST PLEASED
WITH THE ACCOMMODATIONS.
I KNOW SCHOOL CAN
PUT YOU TO SLEEP
BUT THIS
IS RIDICULOUS!
IT LOOKS LIKE
VIPER STRUCK
AGAIN.
Crowler: I'M
BEGINNING TO THINK
THIS IS MORE THAN
JUST THE FLU.
PERHAPS YOU TWO
WERE RIGHT.
IT'S ABOUT TIME THAT
YOU ADMITTED
SOMETHING'S WRONG!
BUT WHAT ARE WE
S'POSTA DO NOW?
[GASP]
MARCEL!
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD!
WE NEED YOUR HELP!
OUR WORST FEARS
HAVE COME TRUE!
HUH?
DUE TO AN UNEXPECTED
EVENT...I HAD TO LEAVE.
GOOD LUCK.
YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS!?
NOW WE'RE IN CHARGE!
TALK ABOUT BAD TIMING.